“Runaway on the 9th instant from Alexander Morgan Pensawkin Creek, in the County of Glouster in West New Jersey, a servant Lad named Richard Boon, a well set full Fac’d short brown Hair, aged 18 years, also a Negroe boy named Cassar, Aged about 10 years, they took a Wherry with two Sailes, the White Boy has on a homespun brown Kersey Coat, a felt Hat, and a Leather Jacket. Whosoever shall take up the said Lads and secure them, so that their Master may have them again, shall have 40 Shillings as a Reward for each and Reasonable Charges.”

“These are to be given Notice that on the First Day of this Instant May, 1729, was taken up a Negroeman, about fortythree Years of Age and put into the Gaol at Burlington, for Stealing from Several persons sundry sorts of Goods; the Negroe Man saith he belongs to one Roger Mathews living in Baltimore County in Maryland, brother-in-law to one Edward Hall. N.B. The said Negroe man formerly belonged to Governeur Markham and was sold down at Maryland by Mr. Reneir, Attorney at Law.”

“Run away about 10 o ’clock Thursday last, from John Cannon, New York City, three Negroes with a sloop belonging to said Cannon, burthen about 35 tons. W hoever takes up and returns said Negroe Men and the Sloop shall receive Twenty Pounds and all reasonable Charges from John Cannon.”

“Hackingsack, June 7, 1734. RUN out of the Goal of the County of Bergin last Night, one Jacob Powelse of H ackingsack, aged 40 Years or thereabouts, middle Stature, Molatto Man, lame in one of his Finger, he had on when he went away a yellow Coat with old Buttons, and homespun Holland Westcoat and Bretches. W hoever takes up and secures the said Jacob Powelse so that he may be brought back to the Goal at Hackingsack, shall have 3 Pounds Reward paid by me Par. Parmyter, Sheriff.”

“Ran Away from Zebulon Stout of Somerset County, a Negro Man named Tom, He is about Thirty-five years Old, and is a well set Fellow, but of a thin Visage. He speaks good English; he went away in a brown home-spun Vest lined with Orange coloured Shalune, an old Bever Hat, gray Yam Stockins and New Shoes. This Negro is well known at Woodbridge and Elizabeth-Town. Whoever takes up the said Negro and gives notice to his Master, so that he can have him again, shall have Twenty Shillings Reward and all reasonable Charges paid them. Zebulon Stout.”

“Ran Away from John Hunt of Hopewell in the County of Hunterdon and Province of West-New-Jersey, on the 25th Day of this Instant July, a Negro Man named Peet, he had on when he went away, a Gray home-spun Coat with Brass Buttons, and a gadfel Hatt, a Tow Shirt and Breeches, with Shoes and Stockings. He is a Lusty well sett Fellow, about 28 years of Age, and was born upon Long-Island and speaks and reads good English. W hoever takes up the said Negro and secures him, so that the said John Hunt may have him again, shall have Three Pounds Reward, and reasonable charges paid by John Hunt. N.B. The said Negro calls himself Peter Waldren, and pretends to be a Free-Man.”

“Run away the first of October, 1740, from John Breese, of the City of New-York, Leather Dresser, a Mullatto Indian Slave Named, Galloway. Aged 21 Years, about five foot four Inches high, a thin body, face markt with Small-Pox, he was born in the fort at Albany, can speak Dutch, and lived many Years with Paul Richards, Esq; some Years Mayor of this City; had on when he went away a dark gray homespun Jacket lin’d with the same, a pair o f Linnen Breeches, and new Shoes; on the 3 Instant he was seen and challenged at Coll. Phillipse’s Mill, and escaped by asserting he was sent in pursuit of a Cuba Man Run away, and took the Road towards New-England, he loves Rum and other strong liquors and when Tipsey, is a brave fellow and very abusive; Whoever Secures the said Slave so that his Master or his Attorney may dispose of him shall have F orty Shillings, Reward and Reasonable Charges paid by, John Breese.”

“Run away from Robert Sharer of Dutchess County a Negro Man named Harry, 40, slender body, a wollen hat, two broad-cloth’d jackets, one darkish, the other a bright colour, gun metal buttons, leather breeches, a pair of trowsers and grey colour’d stockings Whoever shall secure said Negro Man in any Gaol, so that his Master may get him again, shall receive Forty Shillings Reward, and all reasonable Charges. N.B. He is supposed to be lurking about the city.”

“Run away on Sunday the 10th instant from Captain George Hall, of this city, a tall likely young Negroe man named Quaw; he is a cunning and artful fellow, Jamaica born, stutters very much and has one of his ears cropt; he stole away a £5, 12s. and £3 Johannes Pieces and was seen going towards Kingsbridge. Whoever takes up said Negro and brings him to his master, shall have fifty shillings reward and all reasonable charges paid by George Hall.”

“Run away from Samuel Tingley, a Negro Man named Andrew; had on when he went away, a blue Cloth Waistcoat, and green Breeches. Whoever takes up the said Negro, and brings him home, shall have Thirty Shillings Reward, and reasonable charges, paid by Samuel Tingley.”

“Ran away from George Ryerson, Jr. of Peckquenock, EastNew Jersey, the 18th Day of November, a young Negro Man named Harry, 20, of a middle stature and well-set. Had on when he went away an old Kersey jacket and a Tow linnen jacket under it, a tow linnen shirt and old breeches, black stockings and a pair of shoes. Whoever takes up and secures him so that his Master may have him again, shall receive Twenty Shillings and all reasonable Charges, paid by George Ryerson.”

“Run away from Samuel Wickham of Goshen County of Orange, the 5th of June last, a Negro man named Jack, about 22 years of age, 5 feet high, very black, this country born, and speaks good English: Had on when he went away, an old felt hat, two new tow shirts and a fine one, one pair of old trowsers, a pair of thread stockings, one old grey kersey coat, a new homespun Duroy coat, a [linnen] jacket and a Holland Cap. Whoever takes up or secures said fellow, so that his Master may have [him] again, shall have Forty Shillings Reward, and all Reasonable Charges, paid by me, Samuel Wickham. N.B. It is thought he took with him a bay mare.”

“Run away from the subscriber about a fortnight ago, a Negro Man Jack, 5 feet 8 inches, speaks hoarse and was Drummer aboard the Ship Brave-Hawk. Had on when he went away a light-coloured jacket, double breasted, a speckled shirt striped Holland trowsers, new Worsted Cap, an old Felt Hat and Shoes and Stockings. Whoever takes up and secures said negroe, so that his Master may have him again, shall have Forty Shillings Reward, and all Reasonable Charges paid by Joseph Haynes.”

“Run away from Samuel Moore and Francis Bloodgood of Woodbridge, in New-Jersey, two Negro Men; one of which is a lusty young black fellow named Mando, aged about 20 Years; the other a yellow Madagascar Fellow named Tom, about 40 Years, of a Middle size, well set, and can read: We hear he has got a sort of an Indenture with him under the Pretence of being free. Whoever takes up the said Negroes, or either of them and secures them, so that his or their Masters may have him or them again, shall have Three Pounds Reward for each of them and all reasonable charges paid by us. Samuel Moore. Francis Bloodgood. N.B. ’tis thought they are gone toward Albany and that there is another Fellow in company with them belonging to Samuel Nevill, short and well-set, half Negro and Half Indian, near 30 Years old.”

“Run away the 21st Instant from W illiam and Benjamin Hawxhurst, of Oyster-Bay, on Long-Island, a Negro Man named Tom, a middle size yellow Fellow, and is pretty well cloath’d: Took with him a black Horse with a white Snip or Spot on his Nose. Whoever takes up and secures the said Negro and Horse, shall have a reasonable Reward paid by William and Benjam in Hawxshurst.”

“Run-away from Adrian Ryersz, on Staten-Island, the 12th of October Inst, a Negro Man named Hector, speaks good English, is about five Foot six Inches high, well set, with a Scar on his left Hand, and has a down Look: Had on when he went away a good Beaver Hat, a blue Coat lin’d with light colour’d Shalloon, a white Jacket and Shirt, a good Pair of C alf Skin Shoes, and a blue Pair of Stockings.Whoever takes up and secures the said Negro, so that his Master may have him again, shall have Forty Shillings Reward, and all reasonable Charges paid by Adrian Ryersz.”

“Run away about four weeks ago, from Simon Cregier of the City of New York, a Negro wench named Phoebe aged about 45 years, middle sized, and formerly belonged to Dr. Cornelius Van Wyck at Great Neck; she is well known at that part of Long Island, and about Flushing; she had a note with her to look for a master, but has not returned again; her cloaths uncertain. Whoever takes up and secures said Negro wench, so that her Master may have her again, shall have forty shillings reward and all reasonable charges paid by Simon Cregier.”

“Run away the 30th Day of June last, from Philip Smith of the Fish Kills in Dutchess County, in the Province of NewYork, a Negro Fellow named Harry, aged about 20 years, of a short stature, well-set and very black: He had with him when he went away, one linnen shirt, two tow shirts, and a wollen shirt, a pair of Tow breeches and three pair of wollen stockings:—Whoever takes up and secures the said Negro so that his Master may have him again, shall have Thirty Shillings Reward, and all reasonable charges: And ’tis at their Peril who entertains him. Philip Smith.”

“Run away from John Phillips of this City, 4th of May last, a Negroe man named Sampson, about 40 Years of age, a short well set Fellow, much pitted with the small pox. has a very old look, had one when he went away a blue fearnothing jacket, Ozenbrig shirt and Trowsers and an old Felt hat. He has made a practice of running away and sculking in the woods near plantations, he was taken up last Year and put in Amboy gaol. Whoever takes up and secures said Negroe so that his master may have him again shall have Five Pounds and reasonable charges paid by John Philips.”

“Run away some time in August last, from ABRAHAM VAN BUSKIRK, of Bergen County in New Jersey, a Negro Man, named Jack, aged about 25 years, middle siz’d, and not very black, pretty thick Lips, speaks very slow, and talks both English and Dutch, and ’tis suppos’d he has a false Pass: Had on a grey homespun Linsey Wolsey Coat, red Linsey Wolsey jacket, a Tan shirt, and Linnen shirt; and has three Pairs of Breeche with him; white W oolen Stockings, and a Leather Hat. Whoever takes up said Negro, and secures him, so that his Master may have him again, shall have THREE POUNDS reward, and all reasonable charges paid by ABRAHAM VAN BUSKIRK.”


“Run away on the 28th ult. from the subscriber, living Amwell, A Molatto man, named Boot, about 25 years of age, about 5 feet ten inches high, and has had the small pox: Had on when he went away, a light colour’d jacket, pretty ragged, and a mouse colour’d jacket under it, the skirts has been cut short, good buckskin breeches, with brass buttons, some of the tops of them are off, blue grey yam stockings, good shoes, and felt hat, tom in the brim. Whoever takes up said slave, and secures him, so that his master may have him again, shall have Forty Shillings reward, and if above 20 miles from home, Three Pounds, and all reasonable charges, paid by Thomas Hunt.”

“Run away on the 28th Instant from the subscriber living at Newark Mountains, a Negroe Man named Bristol, about 5 feet 6 inches high, not very Black, was bred at the East End of Long-Islands, and lately belonged to David Ogden, Esq. at Newark: Had on when he went away, a grey Bearskin Watch-coat, a yellow Duroy tight bodies Coat, Leather Breeches, black and white speckled Yarn Stockings and a Hat about half-worn. Whoever takes up said Negroe of that his Master may have him again, shall have Forty Shillings Jersey Money and all reasonable charges. Joseph Heddin.”

“Runaway the 27th of September past from George Reyerse, of Pequanek, in the County of Bergen, a Negro man called Robin, of middle Stature, and about 40 years of age, not very Black, had on when he went away a white Homespun woolen Jacket, a pare of Leather Britches, no Shoes, an old Beaver Hatt, and had about Forty Shillings in money with him, as it is thought. W hoever takes up said Negro and secures him so that his Master may have him again, shall have Forty Shillings Reward, besides all reasonable costs and Charges paid by me George Reyerse.”

“Run away from Joseph Webb, of Wethersfield, on the 23rd day of June last, a Negro Servant man about 30 years of age, about 6 feet high, straight limbed and well set. Had on him when he went away, a pair of Deer Skin Breeches, with flat Metal buttons, and Straps on the knees: carried away a new pair of Tow Cloth Trousers, a check Woolen Shirt, a brown Jacket with the Sleeves partly off, and talks but poorly, and has a hole in each ear, and generally wears Pegs of wood in them; his Fore Teeth somewhat rotten, whoever takes up and secures the said negro, and conveys him to his said master at Weathersfield, or confines him in any of his masters gaols, shall have Five Dollars reward, and all reasonable charges paid by Joseph Webb.”

“Run away in this city on Friday the 10th instant, December, from Ezekial Ball, of Elizabeth Town Farms, a likely negro man, about 22 years of age is of middle Size, and long visag’d. Had on when he went away a new felt Hat, blue cloth Jacket without Buttons, Home spun shirt, old Leather Breeches with Trousers over them, brown Stockings and half worn Shoes. He pretends to be a free Man and formerly belonged to Mr. Thomas Grant in New-York. Whoever takes up the said negro and brings him to the workhouse in New York City, shall have three Dollars reward and all charges paid by Ezekial Ball.”

“Run away from his master, Christopher Youngs of Southhold, on Friday the 26th instant, a mulatto slave named Caesar, about 24 years old, 5 feet 8 or 9 inches high, pretty well set, of a light Complexion, is sometimes taken for an Indian and has a large Mole under his left Eye. Had on when he went away a dark coloured Great Coat, leather breeches, a Body Coat of blue and white Colour, old shoes capt, a new Felt Hat, but Hair pretty short and straight. Whoever takes up and secures said Slave so that his master might have him again shall have a Forty Shillings reward and all reasonable charges paid by Christopher Young. N.B. All masters of vessels are forbidden to carry him off.”

“Run away the 2d instant July, from John Decker, of Staten Island, a negro Man, being a short chubby fellow, with extraordinary bushy Hair, is barefoot, and has a Soldier’s red Great Coat on. Also ran away from the Widow Haughwout, of the said Island, a negro wench, of Middle Size, is with child, and speaks broken English, and has a bundle of Clothes with her. It is supposed they went together. Whoever takes up the said negro Man and Wench, and secures them so that they may be had again, shall have Forty Shillings Reward, and Charges paid by the Owners, John Decker, and Widow Haughwout.”

“Run away on Monday the 2nd instant from Sam Nutman, of Newark a middle sized Negro Fellow named Bristol, about 35 years old: had on a black Linsey Woolsey Coat, a Pair of Leather Breeches and Tow Trousers. It is suspected he has a Pass with him, and being an artful Fellow will attempt to impose on the most Careful: Took with him a yellow coloured Camblet coat, and two good white shirts. Whoever apprehends and secures said negro so that his master may have him again shall have Five Pounds reward and all reasonable Charges paid by Samuel Nutman.”

“Run away from Caleb Ferris of East-Chester, in the Province of New York, sometime before last Christmas; a lusty likely man slave named Joe, aged about 25 years old, he is of a yellow complexion being mixed Indian and Negro, much of an Indian countenance, he speaks altogether English and is well set every Way, about five feet ten inches high, understands all sorts of Plantation Work and is an excellent Hand to make a Stone-Wall, he was born of a slave and brought up by Martha Clarks of W. Chester and upon her death he is so often running about, he sometimes pretends to be free and it is supposed that some vile person has given him a pass, he is a great Fiddler and when he went away he took his Fiddle and a bundle of cloth. Whoever will take up the said Servant and secure him so that his Master may have him again shall have three pounds reward and all reasonable charges paid by me, Caleb Ferris. All persons are hereby forewarned from harbouring or carrying off said servant.”

“Run away from Moses Clement at Queensbury, a negro man named George, about 25 years of age, he is a tall lusty fellow, and has a swelling on one knee: He had on when he went away a new blue great coat and a handkerchief tied around his head. Whoever takes up the said negro and brings him to his master living in New-York opposite Oswego-Market shall have Twenty Shillings reward and all reasonable charges paid by Moses Clement.”
